Todo:

------------------
Xorg Configuration:
------------------

Choose what finger to use with fprintd

Charging notification and icon in polybar

Vim open in insert mode automatically

Floating Windows in BSPWM - Copy 

Research insert html commands into vim like vscode and can i get auto correct in vim? But i dont want any dumb underlines telling me my spelling is wrong.

zsh - I want my prompt to be all the same color as default (how it is now with bash) but i want the current directory color to be different. 
Design the zsh prompt in Weyland first before bringing it over to the Xorg configuration.

Learn vim keybindings to make your life easier. Por ejemplo: copy a line down to the next line

Register mucator.net & mucator.com

---------------------
Weyland Configuration:
---------------------

zsh 

Terminal blur: transparent but no additional color to the background - just glass look

GPT Prompts:

How do domain names work and how are their prices determined? If I purchase a cheap domain name will the price I pay ever increase if I begin to have more traffic? 
Will it ever increase if the word or name becomes prominant?

How do I get my long hair to stay back and be not so dry.

How does online college compare to in person college?

How can I design a custom window manager that has window animations and trackpad guestures with Weyland for linux? Is it practical to develop this? What approaches must I take to learn how to do it?

Can you give me a road map of things I need to learn in order to develop my own laptop? I will need to learn how laptops work and I will need to learn how to machine
and develop a 3D prototype.




------------------------------------------------------

This is the dream:

I want to have a bottom bar in weyland that is the same blur color as the terminal background is. Find what triggers the background color. 
Somehow either alacritty or st have to be getting fed the background color. I just need to find out how that works and which color it is taking from pywal.

	Bar:	
	Located at bottom of screen
	Three finger swipe up pulls bar up exposing things like album art work and other cool things.
	Double tap alt_R opens dictation menu in polybar. Say the word and it will display it on the bar.
	
	alt_R:
	Holding alt_R zooms current window out into desktop with animation. 
	Letting go of alt_R zooms window back in. 
	alt_R + a zooms window out and sends window a desktop to the left
	alt_R + f zooms window out and moves a desktop the right. 
	With multiple windows open alt_R + k, o, p, [ keys will interact with corisponding windows.

Potentially all windows open as floating by default but then alt + ~ key invokes tiling mode. alt + ~ key again goes back into floating mode. Windows animate into a floating state.

Three finger swipes will resize the floating window.
Four figner swipes will shift to alternate desktops. 
